docs: RCA for 2023-03-28 incident (#44)
decentraland/rca: incidents/2023-03-28.md

# March 28th, 2023 - User connections constantly reconnected to the same realm

|                          |               |
| -----------------------: | :------------ |
| **Reported on Slack**    | March-28-2023 |
|           **Mitigation** | March-29-2023 |

> |   **Solution Completed** | April-5-2023 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   **Solution Completed** | April-5-2023  |
```

6. 2023-03-29 Contacted LiveKit Cloud team to confirm if there were any issues on their end. Everything looked normal and they requested LiveKit session IDs to further investigate on the cluster logs, as these IDs were not part of the existing metrics [they were added](https://github.com/decentraland/unity-renderer/commit/78a826538894c5a4a8242af6e736af685c10140b) for future reference. On the other hand, this made the LiveKit team notice that there was no information on the LiveKit SDK to manage the Data Channels congestions and added this for the next release (already available at [v1.8.0](https://github.com/livekit/client-sdk-js/releases/tag/v1.8.0))
7. 2023-03-29 The profile update messages were being set as reliable instead of lossy ([more info](https://docs.livekit.io/client/data-messages/)), which could result in a high volume of potential message overload, leading to congestion and potential communications issues. A new [client hotfix](https://github.com/decentraland/unity-renderer/pull/4801) was created with this enhancement. 

> 8. 2023-03-29 The client began to accumulate disconnection causes events. Upon analyzing the causes some enhancements were made to better manage client messages when the connection is unavailable. Preventing this event errors with a better connection management could help avoid the reconnection triggering. ![disconnections](img/2023-03-28/livekit-disconnections.png) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. 2023-03-29 The client began to accumulate disconnection causes events. Upon analyzing the causes some enhancements were made to better manage client messages when the connection is unavailable. Preventing these event errors with better connection management could help avoid the reconnection triggering. ![disconnections](img/2023-03-28/livekit-disconnections.png) 
```
